[Music]
yeah
hello how are you my friend how are you well
my goodness the one who has released the
collateral to Rocío Carrasco what a
step he has given her but
please he hasn't left any titis he doesn't leave a
puppet with a head my goodness he threw her a little
suit well ladies first of all
please I'm going to ask you to click the
subscribe button to find out
all the news that he released okay you
know there's a program that we
love it's the program
that they broadcast on the radio of that radio
Federico Jiménez Losantos and Isabel to whom we
always send a huge hug
and well the other day they had Colate as a guest
who was there to promote
his book and look where the
subject of Rocío Carrasco came up what
happened Colate was saying that he has
known her since she was very small
well little young teenager when she
dedicated herself to stalking him and other
men and he like uff
but the one who also releases it yes yes yes he
dedicated himself  to persecute us but well,
things of adolescence, no ma'am, as
you can see, there you have the first
burst, not the first take, there I let it
fall and I remain as calm as the one who
told me, I don't know if maybe he was
dedicated to chasing us around there and
then and well, he said that the
documentary because he couldn't see it that he didn't
understand as a mother he didn't understand anything
like that thing about the driver sending someone to
pick up the child and the child didn't come or the
girl on the line didn't want to come to
replace the mother who wants to
constitute your child doesn't come down to Malaga
the moment for the little boy they bring him, they're not
things that, it's not that I don't understand them
colate, they're things that
most people understand, except those who
want to justify the unjustifiable,
but well, that's it, let's not give it
more thought, we already have a
documentary, we
have many videos
denying and exposing all this type
of idea and also with it he tells you that a
person who hasn't let it fall that they
shouldn't be taken too seriously because they
are a sick person, they don't remain a
sick person and that they shouldn't
put them in that  situation in which she is
there, well, shooting hatred against her
own and also that literally Rocío
Carrasco is not there for her
truth to be known, that is the fact, I already told you, I do
not renounce Carrasco, the documentaries
that you are following and the whole step of
the whole tour through Telecinco that she is
doing is not to expose her truth
so that her truth is known and with the
intention of having a voice and letting off steam, no,
no, with the intention of shooting at
each and every one of her family, that is, not
only the vision contract, Anton
had a daughter,
the political father, not her
mother's husband, whatever you want to call him, the cousin, the
uncle, the aunt, everyone, incredible, what do you think
of you people that I can already imagine what
you are going to think, give the video a like, if you
liked it, I send you a huge kiss
[Music]